Hey, how could you hit my daughter?
I want to be a bitch
Let me give everyone a good look at you
You are an asshole
You bitch
Look at me today, you ugly face
Don't you want people to see it?
Have a good day today, everyone, look at you country man
Ah, leave you obviously a dust
Everything is fine.
I didn't expect Xue Yaqi to be so vicious
What a beast
Even the elderly are not spared
You are so irritating
This
Please listen to my explanation.
Ah, this white old lady
Could it have been killed by Xu Aiqin?
How can grandma be missing such a big good thing in the Bai family?
Sure enough, you missed it.
I knew it all
It's all your fault
Well, today is your sister's engagement party
You summon male etiquette
You're cursing your sister
Still cursing your grandma
If the person dies, you should take care of it.
Stop talking nonsense
What happened to your grandma?
If he is resuscitated in the hospital
After the wedding reception is over
We'll go see him right away
You don't have to take a picture of your grandmother
Move out and scare us
You saw the posthumous photos
Shouldn't you come over and repent?
After all, it was you who killed